# <p align="center"> Prep Your Mindset

* Whenever one wants to improve their skills, they need to constantly practice, this doesn’t happen by accident. Deliberate practice is so important because it pushes you to innovate, get out of your comfort zone and spend hours trying to overcome adversities. Remember your beginnings when everything seemed really hard and had no idea how to do it, that part was probably the highest phase of learning. Once one is comfortable in his/her career, one must keep challenging oneself. The goals being set have to be achievable, so they can push you out of your comfort zone but are not ridiculously hard that you will give up. One should feel mentally exhausted and learn something new.
* We all are new at some point in something, it is important than when failing or not passing something, one should see this as an obstacle that they can overcome YET. This mentality lets us understand that what we couldn’t overcome today is just a goal that one will achieve soon. A Growth Mind-set enjoys challenges and even though it may suffer through the challenge, it pushes through instead of avoiding difficult tasks. Intelligence is important, but perseverance and diligence are as important. Studies show that pushing ourselves, learning something new and learning from our mistakes makes us more intelligent since our brains are forming new, stronger connections.
* Success can not only be acquired by intelligence, looks or other common conceptions. Grit is a more important trait, it is passion and perseverance to achieve long term goals. Talented people may not follow through and achieve their goals, a growth mindset is a better quality that lets us understand that failure is not a permanent condition and that we can learn from it. This mindset will lead us to get closer to a grit trait that will eventually lead us to success.
* In a thriving society in which we learn that we can get anywhere and do anything, ideas like meritocracy are popular, and this seems good, since it sounds fair that one gets what they work for, one is responsible for where they are, etc. Therefore, this also means that unsuccessful people or with low income are there because they want and they deserve it. In a thriving society one gets proud and happy and their accomplishments but some people that don’t do that well can also take it really hard. It is because of this that there are many health issues, suicides in developed countries because some people get desperate and feel they are not worth it. However, meritocracy can be fully adapt because there are many external factors that are out of our control, so we should always be kind with people because we don’t know their struggle and there might be great potential in some of them but life happened and lady luck didn’t hand them a good hand “per say”. Success it is commonly seen as money, health, beauty, been recognized, but remember that at the end of the day, happiness is probably the biggest success of all,
